update email alias (#1571)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2024-05-03-shared-signals-framework-podcast.md

You can explore the Shared Signals Framework at [sharedsignals.guide](https://sharedsignals.guide/), and learn about Jamf's SSF integration [here](https://learn.jamf.com/en-US/bundle/jamf-security-cloud-setup-guide/page/Shared_Signals_Framework_SSF.html). 

> If you'd like to join a pilot program for using SSF to integrate with Okta, contact us at `dev-advocacy` at okta dot com. If signals about security events were available, which could you send to other services? What signals would you want to receive in order to help your code detect threats quickly and accurately? Let us know in the comments below! 

Author: ```suggestion
If you'd like to join a pilot program for using the Shared Signals Framework to integrate with Okta, contact us at `dev-advocacy` at okta dot com. If signals about security events were available, which could you send to other services? What signals would you want to receive in order to help your code detect threats quickly and accurately? Let us know in the comments below! 
```

Author: did this as a demo, won't merge
